[DOC-2874] Harness CI - JIRA integration (#1228)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/use-drone-plugins/ci-jira-int-plugin.md

---
title: Integrate Jira in a CI pipeline
description: Connect your Harness CI pipelines to Jira.
sidebar_position: 40
---

> Understanding how a feature is being released, when Jira issues have been deployed, and whether a build has passed or failed is important for teams to stay aligned and better serve customers. Jira integrations in your CI pipelines provide insight into feature development and release information in Jira by automatically updating the **Deployment** or **Build** fields in Jira.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stay aligned and better serve customers, development teams need to understand how a feature is being released, when Jira issues have been deployed, and whether a build has passed or failed. Jira integrations in your CI pipelines provide insights into feature development and release information in Jira by automatically updating the **Deployment** or **Build** fields in Jira.
```
Seemed like kind of a long, three-gerund intro to the sentence. Optional alternative.
